Welcome back. I hope you enjoyed the Java refresher course.
In this lesson, we're going to start with introducing microservice, MVC framework.
Then we're going to introduce Spring Boot framework.
After that, we're going to build
a simple Spring Boot application and continue to add more components to it.
We're going to implement a simple Spring Boot file
upload application to test the knowledge we have learned so far.
Before diving into Spring Boot,
this course will start with introducing microservice.
What is the microservice?
Why it is better than the monarchy architecture?
Then we'll continue with introducing the MVC framework,
each component of MVC framework,
and other existing MVC frameworks beside Spring Boot framework.
You may have heard these terms lots of times.
Microservice are a service development technique,
a variant of a service-oriented architecture, SOA,
so that structure and application as a collection of loosely coupled service.
Like the service architecture evolve as a solution to
the scalability and innovation challenges to monolith architectures.
Microservice allow you to take larger application and
decompose or break into smaller pieces with narrowly-defined responsibility.
I'm using this image to illustrate
the differences between microservice and its counterpart.
As you can see, microservice break a singular component into
smaller components so that it's easy to scale and easy to manage.